>> Mike North: Additional metatags, and
these are Apple-specific, unfortunately.
The features here grew before there was
a standard, so you'll start to see there's
some stuff we have to do for Apple,
some stuff we have to do for Android.
I will post in the chat and
add to the notes for
this class a master list of like all
of the different possible metatags,
if you wanted to be comprehensive about it
and get the Windows 10 Bookmark Tile and
the Blackberry image for
their Favorite Site section.
There are hundreds of these things.
Here is a good starting point,
these three.
The first one,
mobile-web-app-capable, it allows you
to when the app is bookmarked and
added to home screen, right?
When you launch this thing,
if it's a mobile-web-app-capable,
the app will launch without the address
bar or any of the other browser UI.
So you won't have the back button,
you won't have Reader View or
the bookmark stuff or anything like that.
Think of it like a fullscreen iPhone.
You'll still get the battery bar and
the clock up at the top.
You can choose between white or
black status bar,
which is that little battery
bar with the clock at the top.
So that's the second meta tag.
And then home screen title,
this is important we have for SEO,
it's important to have a nice
descriptive title for each page.
You have a very limited number of
characters, I believe it's 16, for
the text that can be underneath
an Apple Home Screen icon.
So this is where you might want to
make sure you have something nice
rather than letting the OS truncate it.
It'ill basically take
the first 12 characters and
then add a couple of dots,
and that's what you get.
That is often not what you want.
So this is sort of
the Apple side of things.